Burning Chicken2

Just like the Burning Ship fractal,
this is just one step removed from the Mandelbrot set.

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Slide your finger up and down the list to select
the desired widget.  Its' legend will turn Green.

Now on the image,
slider your finger to control the widget's parameters.

Double tap on a widget legend to toggle it between
fast and slow editing.  Red graph background = slow.

Buttons:
The button command is performed by selecting the
legend, then releasing your finger.

Note: Pinch the image to control zoom.
Note: Use 2 finger Pan to 'Move' the image at any time.
Note: Double Tap image to toggle display of Control Panel.
Note: Swipe control panel up/down to move focus.

A. Reset
   Reset the image position, zoom and params.

B. Save/Load
   Launch the Save/Load dialog.

C. Load Next
   Load the next already saved image (round-robin).

D. Help
   This dialog.

E. Power:  Set exponent for complex squaring function in Mandelbrot algorithm.
    <Reset> puts it back to the standard value of 2,
    but other values produce interesting results.

F. maxIter
   Specify the number of interations the shader uses.

G. Contrast
   Adjust the RGB deviations from midpoint.

H. Skip
   Number of cycles before each pixel counts as 'visible'

I. Chicken
   Render altered code to produce the Burning Chicken fractal.

J. Foam
   Render altered code to produce the Foam fractal.
   Companion widgets foamQ amd foamW control the effect.

K. Shadow
   Toggle whether shadowing effect is added.

L. Coloring
   Toggle color method: traditional color palette lookup,
   or average Coloring algorithm.

   Visit: https://fractalforums.org/fractal-mathematics-and-new-theories/28/triangle-inequality-average-algorithm/1368
   User 3DickUlus posted a beautiful image with the fragment shader attached.
   I copied the algorithm onto this app to do some
   experimentation.

M. Stripe Density
N. Escape Radius
O. Multiplier    are all params to 3DickUlus' algorithm. Check out shader code..

P. Color R,G,B
   Affect the color balance.

Visit: http://www.iquilezles.org/www/articles/ftrapsgeometric/ftrapsgeometric.htm
to learn about Point and Line Orbit Traps

Q. Point Traps
   Three Point Traps are offered.
   Tap on the legend to toggle whether that Point Trap is active.
   The companion "Point" widget controls the position of the Point Trap.

R. Line Traps
   Three Line Traps are offered.
   Tap on the legend to toggle whether that Line Trap is active.
   The companion "Point" widget controls the position of the Point Trap,
   while "Slope" sets the line slope.

Note: These orbit traps work great when using the traditional coloring method.
Just move the "Point" around until you see it's effect.






















